Lauraluj87: Alright.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me open up a note here, we probably should today really come up with a plan. I think you're probably attending double the amount of services that you need. So let's come up with a plan. Okay.
Lauraluj87: Yeah.
We'll come up with something
Lauraluj87: So you got me. Did you get my message yesterday, day before yesterday. I don't remember Thursday.
Yeah, right. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm gonna just type something I'm dummy. It's literally 20 seconds away from. Let me just write this tiny little intro here in New Mexico in div id, you will therapy 327 27 and right now it's appointments nine your time right
Gwenevere Abriel: 9am
Gwenevere Abriel: This is our first
Lauraluj87: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a
Gwenevere Abriel: First individual therapy following bio psychosocial
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Group missed yesterday client to attributing it to you are attending the you said federal
Individual through our
Lauraluj87: Yes, it's like for mental health and stuff. And it just happened to be the same time as the group and I didn't realize it till like last minute I thought what I told you guys a long time.
Lauraluj87: Okay wasn't trying to
Lauraluj87: Say, do you want to keep me on Tuesday, I guess, right.
Let's
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's put slow down just a little bit.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go back up a little, just a tiny bit. Let's go to didn't realize
Gwenevere Abriel: So right now, let's just say, whoever schedules these appointments
Gwenevere Abriel: Would they say, oh, this is this appointments been in place for a while now with you know it was there that appointment was there for a week or something.
Lauraluj87: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's, you didn't realize maybe wasn't because it wasn't in in your phone. It wasn't
Lauraluj87: Logged in the calendar. Oh no, I have my at my agenda or whatever but ok so I have my I op that I do with the federal government, whatever, like, and I go, Monday through Wednesday. Okay, but that got cancelled because of the whole coronavirus bullshit.
Lauraluj87: Okay, so, because the group got canceled. I forgot about the individual counseling that I have to go to
Lauraluj87: So I knew about the problem but I totally spaced it out, and I knew about group, but then I just forgot that I have to go to individual. So what I like, I have to go to individuals that make sense.
Lauraluj87: So whenever I scheduled the group appointment with you guys. I thought I didn't have to go to individually mart and Target the reminder on one day about individual and I realized, oh sure, yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's
Gwenevere Abriel: Probably that space of. It sounds like you maybe with the uncertainty with the changes in schedule, maybe not having looked in the phone and really seeing kind of looking ahead, looking ahead, double, double booked kind of thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, okay. All right, got it. Alright, so let's look ahead, let's talk about. And you know what, with so much change going on next week, could be different, too. But assuming things stay the same.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's talk about your I O pay for a moment.
Lauraluj87: Did you
Gwenevere Abriel: Hear. Did you hear that your I. O. P. And I'm assuming that's a three hour group.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it cancel until April 15 or cancel for the foreseeable future.
Or
Gwenevere Abriel: What they say
Lauraluj87: Hands until further notice.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, okay, okay.
Lauraluj87: That's my Monday, Wednesday 11 to one. Yeah.
Okay.
Lauraluj87: But I mean, they can still make Tuesday. If we do Tuesday, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah okay so let's do that. So group stays the same. You've got Tuesday 7am is still in place. Nothing needs to change. Correct.
Lauraluj87: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay cool so group stays the same. And now when is and this is what I got to talk to you about
Gwenevere Abriel: You and I, and you and this
Gwenevere Abriel: Therapist.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can't they can't be going on at the same time.
Lauraluj87: They are
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so that's why I'm going to go nice and slow. I don't want it. I don't. I need a name. You can make up a name, if you want, but give me a name of this therapist that you are seeing once a week for individual therapy. Just give me a name, so I can refer to this person by name.
Lauraluj87: When Donna. I think it's her name a
Gwenevere Abriel: Lead on it with an L.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. OK. OK.
Lauraluj87: OK.
Gwenevere Abriel: Ok so Madonna. So here, so I'm going to give the philosophy behind it. So just imagine that you had to prescribing doctors for buprenorphine.
Gwenevere Abriel: One. One of them is saying, hey, you need to take it three times a day and you take 24 milligrams. And then you have another doctor is prescribing at the same time, and they're saying, Take it once a day, and only take eight milligrams, you have conflicting prescriptions.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're not going to know which one. And they might contradict each other. So think about it like that in the talk therapy.
Gwenevere Abriel: But that's what Donna and myself. So Donna and I have our treatment plans and they might be in contradiction to each other. So it's not ethical to have to have the same treatment provider.
Lauraluj87: But what if she doesn't prescribe like medicine.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to do it again. I'm gonna do it again. Let me try it again.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's say you have
Gwenevere Abriel: To chiropractors
To
Gwenevere Abriel: So to chiropractors, let's say you have two therapists Madonna and Gwen.
Lauraluj87: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is an analogy. You know what an analogy is
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah okay I'm. That's what I'm doing. So we're almost there. I think we've almost got it. If these two chiropractors are treating you and one of them believes that you
Gwenevere Abriel: Gotta know crack the back like this, or whatever. And this other one does it again, and it's already been done, you might get injured.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Lauraluj87: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, you can't have you, you wouldn't want to have to have the same practitioner treating you at the same time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Might get you might get hurt. Okay, so hold that hold that thought and now
Move over.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now move it over to let's say you were seeing a psychologist social worker mental health clinician marriage and family therapist, and that's what we're going to call. I think we're gonna
Gwenevere Abriel: She probably has one of those licenses. Right.
Lauraluj87: Probably
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: She probably
Lauraluj87: She probably said
Gwenevere Abriel: She probably starts the day with how you feeling. How you doing,
Lauraluj87: Right, yeah.
Lauraluj87: Continue.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, so
Gwenevere Abriel: That is what you're receiving from me. You and I are working on not only relapse prevention, we're working on underlying thoughts, feelings beliefs trauma history relationship communication. So here's what's happening, you have to
Gwenevere Abriel: Can't have to
Gwenevere Abriel: She if she knew that you were seeing me she probably would say the exact same thing. I'm saying, which is you can see both
Lauraluj87: Well,
Lauraluj87: She told me
Lauraluj87: Well, because like she can't prescribe medicine. That's the problem. So I don't
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold on.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold on, hold on, hold on. Okay, listen, we're gonna get it. We're almost there. Watch.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't prescribe medicine.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't you're talking to a Licensed Marriage and Family Therapist.
Gwenevere Abriel: I am not, I'm not a doctor. So now, do you see it, you're seeing two therapists.
Lauraluj87: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can't do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Watch. Here we go. You're going to get it with this one, your doctor.
Gwenevere Abriel: For medicated assisted therapy happens to have the same last name right, Dr. Dawn of real, is that correct
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, she prescribes your medication.
Lauraluj87: I
Gwenevere Abriel: I am not a doctor.
Gwenevere Abriel: You probably came to bright heart health. I'm guessing for buprenorphine. Is that correct,
Lauraluj87: Right, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Part of this particular program is that you go to medication check in. We call it group.
Gwenevere Abriel: you're asked to go there. We check in. And during that check in period. She says, Are you having any symptoms any new medications started discharge any symptoms. She prescribed your medication during group.
Lauraluj87: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You and I need to address behavioral mental health underlying issues.
Lauraluj87: And you can't meet with two different diversity.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's it. You got it.
Lauraluj87: You got it. Okay.
Lauraluj87: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: So we're okay. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the
Lauraluj87: medical team on you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so we're going to work at what now you get it, and now we're in the problem solving mode now we get into what to do. So let's, let's figure out what's going on here. So, um, is it safe to assume that
Gwenevere Abriel: This
Gwenevere Abriel: Therapy that you're receiving from Madonna is in a court order, it's
Lauraluj87: In a probation. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Supervision document.
Lauraluj87: Yeah, they call my patients my shit. Yeah, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so here's my question. This is where we got a really, really listened closely to this one.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is how it would sound if I was talking to my PO. It'd be like this.
Sep
Gwenevere Abriel: My supervision document says that I have to see a therapist once a week. Does it have to be through the federal blah blah blah Bureau with Madonna P O says, I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: You say, Well, here's my situation I very much need to be in the M. A. Ti program which is dedicated assisted therapy where I get my buprenorphine otherwise I will go into such severe withdrawal. I run the risk of relaxing.
Gwenevere Abriel: And part of being in this program is they require that I see a therapist. So I'm already receiving therapy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Through a licensed therapist through bright heart health. I get two things medication and therapy so PO whatever your name is, can I stop seeing Madonna and I can have bright heart health, send you a letter participation to show you that I'm attending therapy with when
Gwenevere Abriel: And the people will say, I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me find out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or I wish people would say, yeah, doesn't make a difference to me just get it done. I don't know what they're going to say, but the document rarely do they sometimes they do. I suppose they might say, you have to receive it through the federal blah blah blah department if that's the
Case.
Gwenevere Abriel: That makes a difference. We would want. That's where we start
Lauraluj87: So I have to ask my PO. Basically, if I can just see you instead of seeing her correct
Gwenevere Abriel: And the way I would phrase it would be more like can we look in my supervision agreement. My PO document does it say specifically, I have to see.
Gwenevere Abriel: A therapist through the federal Department of whatever or can I see a therapist through bright heart health. I think the P O is probably going to say, I don't know, let me look at it.
Gwenevere Abriel: The more specific you are, the more we could skip a couple steps. If you do it your way might work. But they need to put their little eyes on that document.
Lauraluj87: Okay.
Lauraluj87: To agreement, say, I have to see a
Therapist through
Lauraluj87: The federal government or can it go through, right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you have that document.
Gwenevere Abriel: We could look at it together and see if it says it
Lauraluj87: Yes, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That might be things along a little bit
Gwenevere Abriel: Because some some drug courts are there's only one treating
Lauraluj87: Agency.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, actually.
Gwenevere Abriel: Here in Broward County.
Lauraluj87: And
Gwenevere Abriel: You go to
Gwenevere Abriel: Court and
Gwenevere Abriel: There's only one program.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have to go to that one.
Lauraluj87: Smiling
Gwenevere Abriel: As a requirements page with like 15
Things.
Lauraluj87: Anyways, well,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, it's probably one page that has a list of, of all the things requirements you have to do like humanity service, you have to pay a
Gwenevere Abriel: Fine.
Lauraluj87: To defend never met. Yeah, cuz your region.
Gwenevere Abriel: So read where it says must attend either counseling treatment therapy. See if you can find that line.
Lauraluj87: Seven submit to a testing for parameters substance by the tutor after testing.
Lauraluj87: participate in a program of inpatient or outpatient substance abuse therapy and counseling is judged by the patrol officer.
Lauraluj87: Wait, what's up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey, wait, wait, wait, wait, you're on to sound like a really, really, really good. I only
Gwenevere Abriel: I only understood up until the word substance abuse. Tell me read nice and slowly. What comes after that, I think we're onto something.
Lauraluj87: Substance abuse therapy and counseling if directed by the trial Service office or supervising officer.
Gwenevere Abriel: So notice it doesn't say what entity. What agency, what organization in must be from
Lauraluj87: You notice that that's a good thing, right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well I bad, good, bad, that's up to you to to feel, but what that says to me is in that sentence. It doesn't say who you have to receive it from
Gwenevere Abriel: So it says to me if I'm. What's your name,
Lauraluj87: Anthony Carter.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'd be like, Listen, Mr. Carter.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then I do that thing I just did.
I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm already receiving treatment of substance abuse treatment through a licensed therapist.
Gwenevere Abriel: Who will provide a participation letter to you, you'd have to sign a release doesn't take but two minutes to do and the organization can send you a participation letter to show you that I'm attending weekly individual therapy. I'm also attending group.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know that you're going to have to worry about the group, but this might become relevant to you so you can continue to get credit for group for attending group, you might want it.
Gwenevere Abriel: But what you can say is, you know, my IoT was canceled, but I am still attending one hour of route therapy, a week.
Gwenevere Abriel: Which by heart health can also include in a participation letter so I can get a letter stating, I'm getting it through telemedicine.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, for some people, Laura.
Gwenevere Abriel: The how I put this
Gwenevere Abriel: The normalized acceptance that this is just as good as in person.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not everyone buys into it yet.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, I mean,
Lauraluj87: I know it's coming.
Lauraluj87: Okay, yeah. Good. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now I happen to have watch because I've been working with some people for years in here and
Gwenevere Abriel: It's working. So I'm excited. I think I'm like it works. It works great. In fact, it's more convenient than having to take a bus, find a ride.
Gwenevere Abriel: I ain't got gas money like it works for people that sometimes can't get
Gwenevere Abriel: To the appointments. So I think it's working. I truly do I think people are they're going back to school. They're keeping jobs, their relationships are changing their communication with their children, their families.
Gwenevere Abriel: Their substance use has really transformed. So as far as I'm concerned, I feel very confident to say that this works just as well as in person therapy, but not everyone knows that yet. This is so new.
Lauraluj87: I get that, I guess, I get it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. So do you kind of know what a plan might be for you kind of questions to ask. Um,
Lauraluj87: Yeah.
Yeah.
Lauraluj87: Yeah, so, but there is a possibility to say no. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, here's what what could happen.
Gwenevere Abriel: If your PL says no, then you say, then I'm in a situation because my my substance abuse program requires that I attend psychotherapy with them.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you could say, What do you want me to do peel. Can I maybe tell the Donna that will will pick this up after I take, I don't know what your substance abuse.
Gwenevere Abriel: Treatment plan program. Your plan is. But can I pick this up and a year from now, I'll meet with her later, but right now I'm receiving this treatment.
Gwenevere Abriel: With bright heart health. I don't, I don't know that he's just going to say no. I think he probably just needs more information. He may want to talk to me. You want to know may know more about the program.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's it's it's it's not a diss
Lauraluj87: Because you're also going to need
Gwenevere Abriel: him not to Madonna to
Lauraluj87: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So this gets a little
Lauraluj87: See her on Thursday of next week.
Lauraluj87: Again, what time
Lauraluj87: During the same time as group.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, you bet. You say, grew up. I thought your group was Tuesdays at seven. So I guess I'm confused.
Lauraluj87: When is your because I thought
Lauraluj87: I thought that we changed it to Thursday, what you bought that over 30. That makes sense. I think it was Tuesday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, hold on, let me just get inside your records.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm lost.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't keep up. I like your music. Okay, I just figured out, so we can't keep doing this, you can't. It has to this call has to be right away.
Lauraluj87: Yeah. Okay. So let me get in here, see what's up.
Lauraluj87: We got new one because I after I joined the group. I thought I was joining a group, totally, like, that makes sense.
Lauraluj87: Good. I did last week.
Lauraluj87: This
Lauraluj87: Morning.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I see you're not alone.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay 11am. All right. It does. It looks like the first group you attended was
Gwenevere Abriel: A love
Song.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me see. I'm going here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Check.
Lauraluj87: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah you you originally assigned to 7am on Tuesdays. I'm like, let me show you what I'm looking at here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see, I'm, what I'm looking, I'll just share my screen with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: For a date of birth.
Lauraluj87: Yeah, okay.
Lauraluj87: Seven to eight right
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so let me just show you
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you see this little gray area in here in the middle.
Gwenevere Abriel: See where it says group ID group name group day of the week.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, yeah. So you were assigned to Tuesday at 7am
Lauraluj87: For
Lauraluj87: Them, why not. Oh, because I missed today. No man.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that was probably a makeup group about Jeff.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we gotta get we gotta get sort of set
Gwenevere Abriel: Reset. This is the group, you are assigned to. So when you go
Gwenevere Abriel: You've got your notebook there go in, set it you know 656 45 or something in the morning, kind of do that check in peace and then come into the 7am group. Now, what, what's going to happen.
Gwenevere Abriel: With the individual therapy.
Gwenevere Abriel: I do need to hear from you around that. What, what's your PO kind of
says about it.
Lauraluj87: Um, do you want me to text or did the way if you want to hear from you, then, do you want me to give me a number. What do you want me to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, that's a great question. Let's some I'm going to have real quick. I'm going to have someone email you do a release of information. Okay. And you've probably seen those before
Gwenevere Abriel: But, but that's going to do is it's going to allow Braveheart health
Gwenevere Abriel: Anyone who Brian heart health, basically, to be able to talk to your PTO. In other words, they can answer the phone to them because if we don't have a release. It sounds like this. I'm sorry, officer. I can't confirm or deny. That's all we can say
Lauraluj87: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: But if you have a release. We can then say yes, she's participating in this program, she's receiving you know psychotherapy weekly as well as group therapy weekly and receiving medication assisted therapy through a physician, we can say as little or as much as you want. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that's our first thing, why don't we get that done.
Gwenevere Abriel: Today,
I'm trying to see that.
Lauraluj87: I see if
She can send that
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so you have access
Gwenevere Abriel: In your email.
Gwenevere Abriel: To pull up a document if she sent it too quickly this morning.
Lauraluj87: I know
Gwenevere Abriel: I shouldn't hold on a second, just, it can you access it this morning if you receive it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes.
Lauraluj87: I will computer about to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you could access it this morning, you could access and complete a release information.
Lauraluj87: Yeah, cool.
Gwenevere Abriel: So here's what I'm doing. Good morning. Can you forward.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or
A
Information
Gwenevere Abriel: To to her email to her email so that she can
Gwenevere Abriel: Consent to right heart health.
Gwenevere Abriel: Communicating this her tell me the name of your P. O. Again, sorry.
Lauraluj87: Anthony Carter.
Gwenevere Abriel: Anthony harder.
Gwenevere Abriel: I just sent that
Gwenevere Abriel: And now, what you do is keep an eye out in
Gwenevere Abriel: Your email for release if she's going to send it and you want to complete it, where
Gwenevere Abriel: It would be ideal if I helped you with it because I'm good at making each other. One correctly, but if not more, you happen to have Anthony Carter's business card.
Lauraluj87: Right.
Lauraluj87: Maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not urgent. I just thought, well, if you put it up on the screen. I could look at it. I would know his proper spelling his title is addresses, phone number,
Gwenevere Abriel: All of those pieces need to be correct on the release of information proper spelling is title phone number address email. We're going to need the email because that's probably how we're going to send the participation letter.
Lauraluj87: Yeah, yeah. I get it for you.
Awesome.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me something, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: You were with Brother boyfriend fiance husband who you hanging out with right now.
Lauraluj87: What
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you safe to go to restroom living room. Some other room to talk for a little bit.
Lauraluj87: Yeah, okay.
Lauraluj87: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: One of the things that you identify that you want to work on.
Gwenevere Abriel: When we very first met was I want to continue to stay sober and this is my medication use on want to, this is a this is an interesting one.
Pretty cool, you identified
Gwenevere Abriel: You said I want to learn to control my anger better
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, yeah. So let's lean into that one. Just a little bit and see me.
Lauraluj87: Trying to understand like terms.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your terms. So I can see what you mean by that.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's the problem with your anger.
Lauraluj87: Um,
Lauraluj87: I don't really know me, I guess I just, I get angry about, I don't think so, like my dad was telling me something stupid like I don't know.
Lauraluj87: You have to go home at night and then I get really mad about it because I'm not a kid anymore and like it just doesn't like
Lauraluj87: Okay. So me and my stepmom already had this agreement where if I'm going to be home pastime. Just leave became the grill. And I can go and whatever. Right, that's, that's the limit
Lauraluj87: But my dad was a wall nice warm up. It's not. And it's like, no you don't, because you already figured this out of 30 figured out a plan that works, but he insists on, you know, just being the pen. And the thing is, he lost his chance sent me a long time ago. That's just how I see it. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So there's one word. I missed. He lost trust a long time ago. What did he lose
Lauraluj87: He lost his chance to pay me a long time ago when
Lauraluj87: He
Gwenevere Abriel: When he abused you
Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Lauraluj87: Right, yeah.
Lauraluj87: I lost respect for him. My the years and now at this point, like, Yeah, I get asked to live with him into court orders, but it's just because, of course, that's it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And did they know that you're a survivor of abuse from him. They know that
Lauraluj87: Yeah, he was on paper.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Lauraluj87: He has a job that second district or is he will check the date. So he you know he looks really good on paper. That's why nearly three days yesterday, regardless of what that
Lauraluj87: And I didn't hear myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: But they do.
Gwenevere Abriel: One more time. Um, you know, they'll be with telemedicine, it'll be hard for me to hear you sometimes
Gwenevere Abriel: He the courts. Your PO. They know he is a perpetrator yes or no.
Lauraluj87: No, okay, he abused me they don't know that he's you know that you should know
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. They know physical abuse, they don't know the sexual piece.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, okay. I got you. I just needed to really hear it just one time.
The defendant
Gwenevere Abriel: We were in the car with your step mom. I was like, wait a minute. You're living with her right what
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so I don't know that it's a big mystery about why you're angry.
Lauraluj87: Man, but I mean it is what it is.
Lauraluj87: So I can't really say.
Lauraluj87: That I can't be that mad at him because he is the reason I'm out looking to get on paper. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so you're having to sit with what is this
Gwenevere Abriel: Conflicting sort of gratitude. On one hand, you're grateful you have a place to stay.
Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then the other hand you have unresolved trauma with this man.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it makes sense that you would be irritable with him, so I don't know that you're the problem. I don't know that you and I would say, you know what I'm trying to say like
Gwenevere Abriel: That might keep distance that might be what's needed, we might need a some distance, but he doesn't think that everything's fine because everything's not fine.
Lauraluj87: Right.
It's not fine.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm assuming you guys never he never atoned can never went to prison. There was no accountability. No.
Lauraluj87: Because like I said he looks to the states and we got it dropped. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Lauraluj87: You know, it's still there.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, on top of that aura.
Gwenevere Abriel: This was also confusing for me, you're in the car with a woman right your step mom. You guys seem to be kind of
Gwenevere Abriel: Almost pals like you get along really well. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, well, okay, in the car, it sounded like that.
Lauraluj87: Yeah, because of what she said her
Gwenevere Abriel: Because she was right there.
Lauraluj87: Right, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's why it's really important that when you and I need nobody so that
Gwenevere Abriel: You feel me
Gwenevere Abriel: I want. Yeah, I want you to be able, if you want to be angry if you want to be sad if you want to just
Gwenevere Abriel: Whatever feelings come up. I need you to be able to feel like you can just let it fly and not have to worry about protecting someone else's feelings, try and protect some relationship, you know, to me, it won't be therapeutic benefit if you can't just like
Gwenevere Abriel: These people
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Lauraluj87: My headphones helpful.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, it helps a little because you don't hear my side.
Gwenevere Abriel: But my side really is your information really is the most important piece. So I really as much as you can. So what you might say to people is they and it's true. You actually cannot be in group when you're around someone else. You can't be in group when you're in a car with other
Lauraluj87: On your I couldn't mean group. I didn't know they want individual. Yeah.
Lauraluj87: I know in group, it's a violation of policy right
Gwenevere Abriel: That's right. And I'd like you to be alone for individual therapy to it won't be useful. It won't be so you can always dump it on me. You can say, well, this therapist. She's. She's trippin. I don't care. You can throw me under the bus.
Lauraluj87: Okay.
Lauraluj87: I have
Gwenevere Abriel: I have a lot of trademarks on my face.
Or
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm used to it. Just throw me under there. Just a therapist and mushy cuckoo.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so, um, but between you and I
Gwenevere Abriel: I know
Gwenevere Abriel: There we go. Now we're getting to it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so, so she in the car. She was like, Oh, I already know everything.
Lauraluj87: Fake
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I was like, that doesn't sound right.
Lauraluj87: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so you I believe everyone needs to have somebody that they can
Talk.
Gwenevere Abriel: And just be real with
Lauraluj87: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And we can't say it. If someone else's around
What
Gwenevere Abriel: Laura.
Lauraluj87: Do you ever
Gwenevere Abriel: When you're at the house. Do you ever notice anything happened as far as like you kind of have a knot in your stomach or you feel like your body has more tension. Do you feel this sort of
Gwenevere Abriel: physical effort.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah yeah
Lauraluj87: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You feel it.
Lauraluj87: What do you mean
In your body
Gwenevere Abriel: The tension of
Lauraluj87: When you're in the house going
Lauraluj87: In here.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you'll notice
Gwenevere Abriel: In doing work with me that I'll ask you questions like where are you feeling that in your body. That's what all mean, sometimes people will feel like a tight chest or they'll feel their, their stomach turn, they'll feel nauseous, or they feel all this tension in the shoulders.
Gwenevere Abriel: So everybody's body responds to stress a little differently.
Gwenevere Abriel: What I'm learning is one of the places for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Around this hypocrisy, right, of being in a house where they say they care about you.
Lauraluj87: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, there's this myth right when you're around people, when there's conflicting information one place that your body may register it is you're going to get zapped somewhere in your in the throat.
Gwenevere Abriel: So is this the sound really strange to you.
Lauraluj87: It makes sense. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And and so if people if people have never had any kind of therapy before this can sound really kooky
Gwenevere Abriel: But over time, you'll start to hear some things in group and and you might start more and more and more to pay attention to your body's response to
Lauraluj87: To make sense.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah okay so
Lauraluj87: Because the body of
Gwenevere Abriel: Amazing it perceives threat.
Gwenevere Abriel: It will know instantaneously before you can even come up with a word for what's going on, instantaneous. It knows. Something's up right yeah you know because your heart beats really fast before you can even like say someone just walked in the room, or there's danger. It knows
Gwenevere Abriel: That's my point, the body will pick up on perceived threat.
Gwenevere Abriel: And hypocrisy, by the way, it will pick up on it before you'll even be able to come up with a, with an explanation and words for it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, it's amazing. Now, but it's kept us alive, it's kept you alive. It's not going anywhere. It's, it's the reptilian brain right it's the limbic system that says, you're in danger.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's the sympathetic okay so
Gwenevere Abriel: I have, I have to explain. I have an inner ear issue. So I have to turn my head up and
Gwenevere Abriel: Down some
Gwenevere Abriel: Because some people get yeah
We get offended when they do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, good.
Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: We have in our bodies, you and me, same, same as everybody we have
Gwenevere Abriel: Basically all animals have this to humans have this special thing. And I'll get into it later. But we have two systems, one's a sympathetic nervous system, the one that gets you to fight.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or to flee that one sympathetic nervous system. Does that sound familiar maybe from school or something.
Lauraluj87: Yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: So you know it because your heart will race all your blood will go to your large muscle groups like your biceps to your thighs.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it'll, it'll be available through your heart because your heart is going to be racing fast, but the blood leaves certain parts of your body, it leaves your stomach because it's no time for digestion. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: When it's time to find somebody in the right lane time for that.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what happens is it not only does it leave our gut.
Gwenevere Abriel: It leaves the prefrontal cortex to all that's where we feel super smart. We were like,
Lauraluj87: We
Gwenevere Abriel: Can think rationally. You think about cause and effect that is not important, when all we need to think about is, is punching someone or running away.
Gwenevere Abriel: That is the sympathetic nervous system.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, you with me so far.
Lauraluj87: Yeah, there you go.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you
Gwenevere Abriel: You asked me a question you wanted to know about. What does that mean, what does it mean sympathetic nervous system is getting activated around perceived threat. So I didn't know what you how much you wanted to know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you want to know the biology behind it.
Lauraluj87: Yeah, kinda a well I know I guess what, why is it knowledgeable, I guess.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, why is
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to make sure I'm being useful.
Lauraluj87: To bring it up, I guess.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, because I thought you asked, what does that mean perceived threat. So I was I was explaining the biology of
Lauraluj87: It. Yeah. No, you're good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Okay, so we're talking about the same thing.
So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Biologically biologically
Gwenevere Abriel: You will perceive threat and I'm glad you did. Because it has kept you alive and has kept me alive.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a good thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sometimes. So notice how I said there's a sympathetic nervous system. There's something else, Laura.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's the para sympathetic nervous system and what it does is it does freeze.
Gwenevere Abriel: So there's fight or flight.
Gwenevere Abriel: In the sympathetic nervous system. There's also parasympathetic which makes us do this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now that's a coping skill to
Gwenevere Abriel: When we can't fight and we can't flee. Our body tries to keep us alive in a different way in mobilizes us
Lauraluj87: If
Gwenevere Abriel: And that an analyst or two reptiles will do it if they're in a literally freeze so feign death dead.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, it's pretty cool. Um it but you don't think about it. Just do it because it's an instinct. Okay.
Lauraluj87: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So here I'm getting I'm gonna get you there. You want to understand perceived threat right
Gwenevere Abriel: When we perceive threat.
Gwenevere Abriel: Instinctively, our hearts gonna race and we're gonna we're gonna either respond with a sympathetic response system where we're ready to argue
Gwenevere Abriel: fight or run, but some people will respond differently.
Gwenevere Abriel: It will flow into immobilization, and they might pass out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now that's not quite as common as people dissociating some people in a high perceived threat.
Gwenevere Abriel: Will
Gwenevere Abriel: disassociate so it's down here, huh, that's the frees you up to see. So I never thought we might get somewhere with this. So if I'm familiar with people doing that I'm familiar with people where I'm going to tell you what often, you said you do this association thing, right.
Gwenevere Abriel: It could be, and you tell me if this is true.
Gwenevere Abriel: In your original traumatic event.
Gwenevere Abriel: For people that couldn't run
Gwenevere Abriel: And they couldn't fight.
Gwenevere Abriel: The way they
Gwenevere Abriel: handled it was they immobilized they just froze.
Gwenevere Abriel: When they're ready.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yep.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that's common for people that suffered a sexual assault.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or people that are molestation survivors. Cuz, cuz when you're little you're immobilized you can't can't fight can't run
Lauraluj87: Great.
Gwenevere Abriel: So if that's the case.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you see something here. Something smell something register something
Gwenevere Abriel: That is even remotely close to that original trauma, you might associate you want me
Gwenevere Abriel: You do that kind of thing.
Lauraluj87: Yeah, I mean into, like, like you said, like I'm like
Gwenevere Abriel: That's right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Michael, what just happened you where'd you go
Lauraluj87: Like, no way.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Now you see it now you can see your body is trying to take care of you. The best way, it knows how so that's a good thing. Okay, it's trying to keep you alive. It's trying so that you psychologically are not overwhelmed.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, it, it worked. Maybe to keep you alive in some situations it just might not be adaptive and currently because what
Gwenevere Abriel: When you originally. I'm just talking biology or we're not telling any stories. I'm just explaining because this is what
Gwenevere Abriel: happens to all of us.
Gwenevere Abriel: When the original event happens
Gwenevere Abriel: The hippocampus, the part of the brain that stores all your memory.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: The timestamp didn't get didn't get timestamp.
Lauraluj87: So what happens is if
Gwenevere Abriel: I smell something that is even remotely close to an original stress event.
Gwenevere Abriel: That whole memory feels like it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Feels like it's happening right now.
Lauraluj87: It makes sense.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because at the time of the event, all this cortisol was rushing through the body and the the hippocampus is completely covered with
Gwenevere Abriel: cortisol receptors and it messed with the memory it. There's probably big pieces of it that are forgotten like important pieces and the timestamps not properly put in place.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it can feel like if you saw something heard something smelled something tasted something and all of a sudden you're reliving this
Lauraluj87: This experience in
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, it's because that isn't in the past. It literally didn't get the stamp it needed
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so it's cool to hear about the science that it's not just our imagination.
Lauraluj87: This is like biology zero
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, it's cold, and we get to, we get to learn these things because our instruments for measuring blood flow in the brain get better and better and better. And so now I can explain it biologically, where before I only had psychology to explain it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now I've got biology. And that's kind of cool.
Lauraluj87: Well, I, well I like being able to explain it in more ways than psychology cathartic people don't believe in psychology
Gwenevere Abriel: You got that right. Boy, let me tell you, that's the true yeah
Lauraluj87: I mean that whenever I was dumb whenever I was studying psychology or then that
Lauraluj87: Like, I bet about 50% of the cost dropped out the version that first semester, whatever about 50% of my psychology class dropped out.
Lauraluj87: Oh, believe it or not.
Lauraluj87: On it and they said it was because it was too hard, don't understand or number
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, it's our science is finally catching up with
Gwenevere Abriel: Think about how many religions out there, believe in things like the importance of breathing.
Lauraluj87: Even right
Gwenevere Abriel: Think about native culture, Indian, you know, Asian, Indian Hindu Buddhism. I don't know much about Catholicism or
Gwenevere Abriel: Christianity. I don't know whether they pay any attention to that part. But there's a lot of really, really old information around the importance of the breath.
Lauraluj87: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what you're going to hear and I'll probably do it next time because we're running out of time is I'm going to teach you something called belly breathing.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'll give you the science behind it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'll teach it to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the neat thing about science. You don't have to believe it.
Lauraluj87: For it to work because me. Yeah.
It's true.
Lauraluj87: Yeah, I don't know, like I went on like in second grade. I actually told my mom that she was lying to me because
Lauraluj87: God wasn't real. And I brought her the evolution like thing I brought her a whole book on emotional and she thought what teacher was teaching you evolution. And I was like, my second grade teacher
Lauraluj87: And ever since. And I don't know. I've had my own belief in science. So, yeah, yeah. But she was
Gwenevere Abriel: She was on the show.
Lauraluj87: So, man.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, her little
Gwenevere Abriel: Her little doesn't believe in God, you know, she was freaking
Lauraluj87: Out. Right. Right. Yeah. So then, ever since then. I never got that much.
Lauraluj87: But yeah
Lauraluj87: It is what it is. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: There is a way to still have spiritual connection.
Gwenevere Abriel: With something right. I agree. Yeah, don't you think
Lauraluj87: Yeah, I totally I know luck with that totally agree with that. But I don't think that is a god quote unquote personal
Lauraluj87: But everyone had their own belief. You know what I mean.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so we touched on some some some pieces of some science about individual stress response. We talked about the sympathetic nervous system, the parasympathetic nervous system and next time. Um, yeah. And you can text me. You can email me. You can call me and
Let's get real clear
Gwenevere Abriel: Uh huh. Yeah.
Lauraluj87: Sorry, my PO
Gwenevere Abriel: What you're looking for is, you want your PO to be okay with stopping Madonna and continuing with Gwen, so that he gets up and he and we can send him a participation letter. That's what we're trying to get to.
But
Gwenevere Abriel: I, I do want to work with you. I want to be able to address those underlying pieces that dissociation part but it's going to take time so that you and I have trust like you can trust me, and I said, it takes some time.
Gwenevere Abriel: But yeah, I got you. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Um, so
Gwenevere Abriel: When do you think you can get back to me like what by Monday or
Lauraluj87: Something like oh yeah yeah
Lauraluj87: Okay, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or even today if you hear a little something something I'm going to gonna text you my email so that if you want to email me. Maybe it's easier than texting. I don't know. You could also send it to your chemo or, you know, I don't know what but it'd be good for you to have it.
Okay.
Lauraluj87: I can't
Gwenevere Abriel: I end up
Gwenevere Abriel: People because they think I'm making fun of them and I'm
Lauraluj87: Right, you with me.
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean, I make fun of myself more than I do. Anybody else
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so I'm sending you my email right heart health.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so what I would invite is to go to your email, go see if you can find a release of information. If it's not there, then go right into virtual clinic and ask someone to help you to sign a release of information so that bright heart health can communicate with your PO
Lauraluj87: That's
Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: Right heart health.com. Okay, so I just sent that and you go work out the release. If you forget a part of this just you can text me and I'll just say hey are you looking for a release or
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, will kind of help navigate through this a little bit. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, our next appointment. So the problem is we don't want them happening at the same time, but we do need to set something up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, we'll put something in place.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or
Gwenevere Abriel: Nine.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I got something going on here. Well, to 10 1112 three hour time difference I
Guess our time because
Gwenevere Abriel: I think we can do nine o'clock April 3
Lauraluj87: At 430
Gwenevere Abriel: But again, it's all critical on hearing back about the treatment listed on. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, so I'll wait to hear from you.
Lauraluj87: But we got to get real, real
Lauraluj87: Clear. Pretty soon like
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, a couple days.
Lauraluj87: Okay. Um, but yeah, I'll get back to you ASAP. And I'll talk to him today.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Oh, wonderful. Good to talk to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, do you shoot the master sheets medicine.